Architecture:

for each site:
     1 Konnected Pro board
     2 Raspberry Pi
         We bought RPi 3s, SSDs, cases...
     1 Touch panel display
     N Existing sensors
     ? Possible new sensors
     1 Ethernet switch (~8 Ports.   Maybe POE for resiliency)
     Battery pack power backup 
         Konnected and HA Pi for sure
         Maybe Keypad Pi via POE switch or additional battery pack
  
I'm planning to put together a prototyping board, literally 
a piece of plywood with the hardware and some spare sensors
mounted.   Probably a piezo instead of a real siren and a LED 
instead of a real strobe.   Do we have strobes currently?   
Have to check...

Connections:

Use existing sensors, yeet the old alarm controller board.
Do not use existing keypad (maybe later)
Sensors talk to Konnected Pro board (more zones, wired ethernet)
Konnected pro integrated to Home Assistant
Home assistant running on Raspberry Pi #1
Touchpad display running on a Raspberry Pi #2 
    We might be able to combine HA and Touch panel 
    into a single pi using HA Core or Container,
    But a separate touch panel is not supported on HA OS.
All this talking to each other on a small wired ethernet switch 
This switch is in the CompRm_Alarm Vlan
    Can log outbound to splunk
    Inbound permitted from Priv staff only for management
    Other security safeguards TBD

Questions:
    What version of HA are we running?
    Backups?   Via WAN to server on ABQ CompRm_Alarm Vlan?

HA versions tradeoffs

HA supervised and OS   Allow installations of add-ons (easily).
HA Core is base linux with HA running on top
HA Container is base linux with HA running in containers
HA Supervised adds the supervisor (backups, upgrades) but (IIUC)
    is still on your underlying OS
HA OS has an OS managed by the home assistant team.


Mitch's version:
Yea, it is time for new systems.   We can do a cloud free roll-your-own:

  *       Home Assistant Core or Container
  *       Raspberry Pi 4
  *       High Endurance micro SD card
  *       GoControl HUSBZB-1 for Z-wave and Zigbee radio control
  *       Blink XT2 cameras
  *       Zigbee or Z-wave sensors (Zigbee is generally less expensive)
  *       Zigbee or Z-wave siren(s)
  *       Optional: If your system already has wired contacts, get a unit from Konnected.io and integrate it with Home Assistant
  *       Optional: cheap Android tablet to use as a keypad

